Good afternoon, interviewer 

Firstly, thank you for your interview, and I hope I could make a good performance today. Now let me introduce myself please.
My chinese name is Wang He, and I have graduated from Northeast Petroleum University.

As a bigdata engineer, I have 6 years work experience and once worked for 3 different companies. 
I am currently working in Fosun Group. And I am mainly responsible for data warehouse of BFC mall and Fosun CDP System. 
In the BFC project, I was responsible for the design and construction of the data warehouse, 
and in the CDP system, I was mainly responsible for the construction of data platform and the development of label system.

The other two jobs were at Shanghai ONECONNECT and Beijing UGO Culture Development.
And in both companies, I was mainly responsible for data analysis and processing.

The above content is my self-introduction.
I think I'm a good team player, and I sincerely hope your company can choose me. 
Thank you!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Let me introduce the CDP system.

In this project, there are 7 developers on our team, 2 data developers, 3 back-end developers, 
2 front-end developers, and several other members(testers and product managers).
And I was mainly responsible for the data platform and the label system.

The platform relies on Ali Cloud EMR to integrate cluster components such as Hadoop, Hive, Spark and OSS storage system, 
and uses DataWorks for development and management.

The data warehouse integrates membership data from subgroups, creates dimensional models, 
desensitizing and ETL data using Hive and Spark. And all data is stored in OSS using Hive external tables.

The label system defines labels by selecting fields and calculation rules 
from the fact table and dimension table in the dimensional model.

Then use Hive and Spark to parse label rules and calculate them, 
finally, the calculated results are synchronized to RDS.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In the BFC project, there are 4 developers on our team, 1 data developer, 1 back-end developer, 
2 front-end developers, 1 tester and 1 product manager.
And I was mainly responsible for the data warehouse.

The data warehouse uses TiDB as the storage and computing engine, DataX as the data integration tool, 
and DataX Web as the scheduling tool.

Data collected from MangoDB, SQL Server and MySQL are stored in the ODS layer.
Then dimensional model is created in CDM layer, and use SQL+Shell to do ETL of data, 
and the final calculation results are stored in ADS layer.